I'll just tell you that the next participant
it's called giancarlo de silver matías and it's
the typical Brazilian short in basin and
myopic when
when a child when a baby is born like this
in brásil they throw it into the void from the
high of corcovado but he get
escape and settle down in lion does not know
dancing samba does not know how to play football and
I'm sorry girls but the only thing that has
in black is your mood
sorry you are here is that sometimes
I put him childish and shooting consoles and
the choco is not going you know come
now
and as you can see apart from choco nova
I also like to be surrounded by grass
By the way, I am Yankee Matías and this is
Lion
up uncle up there moves
and well here you have me again playing
with the child that I have inside because
final the most important thing is a smile and
if it's a child much better truth than
we follow sr
sound strong palms that tend to
beyond janeiro river because here
arrives Yankee even if I hit you matías
you come from here you're fed up with the
crisis
how many of you are here like me until the
very scrotum of the damn crisis
I can not anymore the other day I was in my
house they got me to steal and I had to
give them a hand to find something
What's more, I fucked up, I had it
fucked because he was one of those bands that
they ask for money from those people
that the same thing buys you gold that steals you
copper you know no but it's that I end
Well, look at gathering everything you had and
I gave it but I did not do it for fear no no no
no no it was not out of desperation that the
work topic is fatal I say the same
I like them and they give me a little
thief with them even if it's stealing
from below like any good banker
scholarship fellow
but nothing funny the idea to come to
madrid has had to save and I want
share with you my tricks for
save is worth it and that is that in your work
never never take half for
advance to do like any tronista
of television that always charge the
double for retarded and this I say
and this I say no for messing with the
Tronistas could not quite
I already say this among them
because I've seen that money is
important because it catalogs you in life
if you have money you are not Moor you are
Arabic if you have money you are not fag
you are gay if you have money you are not a
You fucking dumplings are Duke of
palm
and that's the bad thing about money that's what
bad that corrupts us we do any
paste the last thing this gold
gas do not want to put las vegas' here and
They do not know if in Madrid or in Barcelona
I would put it in Barcelona
madrid of chorizos and mobsters you will be
Congress has been here since 1850
and the zarzuela a century before
I would also put it in Barcelona
because that way we avoid controversy and even
everyone is not that if they bring it to
madrid this is full of prostitutes and
drug addicts and bad people over
and where I would really hit where from
you would arrive in Valencia because to
chorizos and crooks the politicians of
there good presumed sausages though
some of chorizo ​​had even the skin
true
it is true that they often asked the
Valencians that last year no longer
they had to burn ninots and they
they put to heat greens
they give the boys had not done anything
they had not done anything but all good
we know what happens in Valencia not
you need a lot to make you a
'custom-made suit'
and of fallera also careful
but it is something that there is something more book that
the morale of politicians is my humor
ok my mood is very black number is so
black that angelina jolie what is
adopt once
And besides, I would be happy thank you
Thank you
I would be happy to be in the USA and
with the black that is either or drug me already
in the bronx or I would die in irak more or
less but good that year brad preferred
more yellow so I stayed in Spain
I can not fault it me in somalia
For example, it would be much worse than here
you know still worried uneasy
with the fly behind the ear
as you see my love is as black as the
semen de marilyn manson ya you do to
the idea
and talking about semen
talking about semen I want to end with a
advice to the men of the room be
your co-worker I am a friend
neighbor rollete prime stable couple
distant wife Romanian prostitute lover
of fifty euros
if those women in your life do not
like your semen you have to
accept it you have to accept it
respect him and never throw him in the face
with this advice and got here
making good the words of
jesus christ first great thing first major
comic that said
Blessed are the faithful to their ideals
and constant in their efforts so that
final will hit the nail on the head
thank you and today they record good night and
always
Well, some of you will have liked it
others will tell me but I already said it
father life my son is like humor
It is very personal because each one is one
and every two is a pirogue